YANYAN
Private detectives investigated some
Information about the identity of You Mingxuan
I will stop the investigation immediately.
Don't you want to know who he really is?
I just want to know how to bring down Dongfang Family now
Dongfang Peng is offering a heavy reward
Looking for the masked man who killed the descendants of the Dongfang family
Then I'll break his financial chain first
Let him not pay the bounty
Dad, I must
I must kill him
But you don't say my oriental incense
I won't let him live
But do you know who that kid is?
He was wearing a mask.
I didn't see his face.
But whoever he is
I must let him die
OK
Mr. Yuan, why are you here?
I got it.
Naturally, he was talking to Dongfang Zong about liquidated damages
What liquidated damages?
Half an hour ago, the Eastern Group thunderstorm
Stocks plummeted
I'm afraid it won't last until tomorrow. How is that possible?
You'd better ask who your son has offended.